[ZT] Gateway application protocol detection (#10109)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/network-policies/protocol-detection.md

---
title: Application protocol detection
pcx_content_type: how-to
weight: 2
---

# Application protocol detection

> {{<Aside header="Availability">}}Application protocol detection is available in early access for Enterprise users. For more information, contact your Cloudflare Customer Success Manager.{{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside header="Availability">}}Application protocol detection is available in early access for Enterprise users. For more information, contact your account team.{{</Aside>}}
```

Gateway supports the detection, logging, and filtering of application protocols using packet attributes.

## Enable application protocol detection

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Settings** > **Network** > **Firewall**.
2. Enable **Protocol Detection**.

> You can now use **Detected Protocol** as a selector in a [Network policy](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/network-policies/#detected-protocol).

Reviewer: Should Detected Protocol be in italics since it's a dropdown item? Not sure what we do on other pages.
